the following is a non-profit fan-based
parody sole leader is owned by
Funimation TV Tokyo Studio bones and
Natsu she Okubo please support the
official release
I sound soul dwells within a sound mind
welcome to the dwma judging by the
outside of this giant castle I'm sure
you're thinking that this place is meant
for military right hey I was talking
wrong it stands as a defence against the
forces of evil known as Kishin if the
Kishin were to regain power it would
mean the end of the world that is very
bad we don't want that to make sure that
the kitchen never arise again this
Academy was created to train children to
create weapons strong enough so that
more death can steal them from you and
use them himself God is such a great guy
hey you it's in burden reject what do
you want little boy here's a question
either I'm going to eat your soul this
girl and I are going to have sex tonight
care to guess what's going to happen
um atta boy
it's like I'm getting more than a
sandwich what
we should go tell Lord death that we
killed our 99th person committing legal
homicide is fun 42 42 564 whenever you
want him knock on death's door do you
think you'd have a normal phone number
hey guys what's up how's the mass murder
I mean so collecting coming along we're
glad a 99 Souls no we have lots of
witches all so you could say Oh is shit
already Jesus I thought it would take
longer than that
whoa that Lord good job you guys you're
turning out just like your mother maka
good luck with that last witch soul
don't screw it up god forbid we will all
average you after hey maka we got
written on that paper there it's
directions to the witch Blair's house
did Lord death give you that meanwhile
back at the death room seriously they
could have called it something nicer and
spirit what am i holding
it's a pen yeah right with it I can't
write sighs my fucking hands then
they're bigger than like no fuck what's
huge you have to give maka and soul
directions to the witch's house ah yep
are you serious no soul it's a treasure
map
treasure
do you like my boobs little boy go to
school oh my god you're naked
five minutes of bandages later all right
muck let's take her down
I'm not into that kind of stuff soul I
was talking about getting her soul and
not I take your soul show me what you
got which is why that Oh
two failed murder attempts later this
time we'll get your soul Blair
so nothing we've been doing is working
got any ideas
well done thinking
Lord death the games on are you serious
egg roll I wish I had a breeze running
down my leg I'd kill for cookie
stingray a double sided Scooby Snack oh
yeah
football that's right much better than
what we were watching before what were
you watching
maka getting your ass kicked by a witch
wait what did you come up with any ideas
I did but the plan Wow maka you think we
should break up
well then I guess I have to come clean
I'm dating Blair yeah how's that for a
plot twist Oh baby you could twist my
blood any time you want yeah
you men are all terrible you promise you
won't cheat on us promise that you'll
take us to the park had you promised to
leave the toilet seat down but you you
are wearing a nice suit so I thought I
could trust you boy was I wrong I wish
all of you would just die geez take a
chill pill I was only joking
why so serious
Oh
see is that so hard no reason to get so
butthurt maka
so anyway loosely maka after 8 the soul
I'm going to take you to a nice
restaurant
aa song called McDonald's ah
maka oh the moon it has a face it's not
cool dude
I'm gonna say 50% on my car insurance by
switching to Geico yeah guess what
oh I'm not really a witch I'm a cat
hopefully you want trying to make a
death scythe that would really suck oh
shit this is a motorcycle